Usability testing is an important aspect of product design because it gives the designer feedback on how someone who is unfamiliar with the product will interact with the product. This is important because as the designer, it is often difficult to predict how the target audience will react to and understand the product because of the designer’s familiarity with it. For my usability pilot test, I will be testing the usability of a medical news website for finding news and medical information. Based on my heuristic evaluation, I will be testing mostly for the user’s understanding of the website’s purpose. I will also be testing how navigable the website is, based on the site’s organization and layout. 

(survey) [https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfBUaptCObgm8Xz5vX7Vwyfs8M9yEDDDTI4sHIR6YARMBIpLQ/viewform?usp=sf_link]
(UT part 1) [https://drive.google.com/file/d/1P1hWSoDrRc5A6Ms7L8ELi49rGpBuGOoU/view?usp=sharing]
(UT part 2) [https://drive.google.com/file/d/1z9ZfH5NPcmVA1SXky3v574nmlK6Q3_L1/view?usp=sharing]


After conducting my pilot test, I learned a lot about the difficulties of pilot testing and even how difficult it is to predict user interaction. Firstly, I was unable to complete my pilot test on time because of a scheduling conflict with my participant. I feel that this must be a big issue with usability testing and working with human participants in general. Additionally, I realized that there were some errors in my survey whilst conducting it. I learned that thoroughness is key, and that double checking can make all the difference when designing something. I would say next time, I would not try to rush the process of designing. I also noticed that when my participant ran into an issue that my heuristic evaluation identified, he blamed himself for the inability to find the information needed, rather than the organization of the website. I believe that the goal of good design is to make it so that users are not frustrated with the experience of using a product, and so good design would have prevented any blame on either the participant or the website. I also learned the importance of testing your recording equipment when running a pilot test

After running my first pilot UT, I realized that my recording did not include any sound. I did another one in order to gather more data and have more useful recordings of information. In this UT I found that for some, my website was more usable than I expected. Originally I had hypothesized that there was too much going on in my website to be navigable. Yet I found that users really utilize the search bar in order to find what they need easily. This leads me to assume that when looking for specific information, a working search bar is the most useful tool in a website. 
