# Contextual Inquiry

## Background
One of the most difficult parts of being a college student is the transition between being taken care of by your parents to having to maintain your own personal well-being. In an attempt to help students take the steps that they need to be a holistically healthy individual, my project aims to provide a way to track healthy habits, break unhealthy habits, and remind busy students to take time for their own self-care. My idea is to design an app that allows users to set their health and wellness goals and will provide daily, weekly, or monthly reminders to them to keep up their good habits. The ideal user of my project is the average busy college student. This person has a lot on their plate and can tend to let their own personal wellness fall to the wayside. They are young and fairly tech savvy. They need extra motivation to help them remember to maintain their goals, and don’t have the time to organize these tools on their own. Users would use my project on their phones. The goal of the project is to have a “set it and forget it” approach to maintaining healthy lifestyle choices and help users track and visualize their own progress to encourage further use.

## Data Collection Process
To gain more information about what a user would want from this app, I decided to hold an in-person interview with a busy college student in order to find out more about their organizational style, what they personally are looking to improve or keep track of in their life, and the tools that they already like using to help them maintain the lifestyle that they want.

## Interview Transcript
[Interview Audio] (https://kcarino17.github.io/DH150-UX/assignment5/Note-20191111-2251-otter.ai.mp3)
[Interview Transcript] (https://kcarino17.github.io/DH150-UX/assignment5/Note-20191111-2251-otter.ai.txt)

## Reflection
While conducting my contextual inquiry, I found it most helpful to treat the interview like a conversation. I had a list of questions that I had prepared but as I conducted the interview, I came up with additional questions on the spot in order to inquire further into certain things that my subject mentioned. I found this adaptable style of interview to be very beneficial for my data collection. I learned that my subject used mental reminders to motivate himself and that in terms of getting things done and organizing his life he preferred visual manifestations and enjoyed the satisfaction of crossing items off a list. This information is very helpful to me in determining the type of layout that a typical user would find most useful when using my project. I found the interview to be very insightful. I would ideally like to conduct interviews with more people to find out what other college students prefer in terms of their health habits and the organizational tools that they use. 
